chore: added more examples illustrating the use of Authorization Servers (AS) and Resource Servers (RS) in this specification (#322)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

:  Ability of the Holder to prove legitimate possession of a Verifiable Credential by demonstrating a certain biometric trait, such as fingerprint or face. One example of a Verifiable Credential with Biometrics-based Holder Binding is a mobile driving license [@ISO.18013-5], which contains a portrait of the holder.

Wallet:

> :  An entity used by the Holder to request, receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and cryptographic key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Credentials and keys can be stored and managed either locally, through a remote self-hosted service, or via a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client (see [@!RFC6749]) since it obtains an Access Token to access an OAuth 2.0 Resource Server (Credential Endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:  An entity used by the Holder to request, receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and cryptographic key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Credentials and keys can be stored and managed either locally, through a remote self-hosted service, or via a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client (see [@!RFC6749]) and obtains an Access Token to access an OAuth 2.0 Resource Server (Credential Endpoint).
```

## OAuth 2.0

> According to the OAuth 2.0 paradigm, each Credential Issuer acts as a Resource Server that is protected by an Access Token issued by an Authorization Server, as defined in OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749]. The same Authorization Server may protect one or more Credential Issuers. Wallets identify the Authorization Server for a Credential Issuer by referring to the Credential Issuer's metadata (see (#credential-issuer-metadata)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
According to the OAuth 2.0 framework, each Credential Issuer acts as a Resource Server that is protected by an Access Token issued by an Authorization Server, as defined in OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749]. The same Authorization Server can protect one or more Credential Issuers. Wallets identify the Authorization Server for a Credential Issuer by referring to the Credential Issuer's metadata (see (#credential-issuer-metadata)).
```
let's not use lower-case may, and i think `framework` fits better than `paradigm`

!---

> ~~~ ascii-art

Author: in this figure the CI is the first entity the wallet interacts with. In this example the discovery of the AS starts from the CI metadata

> ~~~ ascii-art

Author: done.

> +----------+   +-----------+            +-------------------+     +----------------------+
> | End-User |   |   Wallet  |            | Credential Issuer |     | Authorization Server |
> +----------+   +-----------+            +-------------------+     +----------------------+
>     |                |                              |                        |
>     | (1a) End-User  |                              |                        |
>     |  selects       |  (1b) Credential Offer       |                        |
>     |  Credential--->|  (credential type)           |                        |
>     |                |<-----------------------------|                        |
>     |                |                              |                        |
>     |                |  (2) Obtains Issuer's        |                        |
>     |                |      Credential Issuer       |                        |
>     |                |      metadata                |                        |
>     |                |----------------------------->|                        |
>     |                |                              |                        |
>     |                |                              |  (3) Authorization     |
>     |                |                              |      Request           |
>     |                |                              |      (type(s) of       |
>     |                |                              |      Credentials to    |
>     |                |                              |      be issued)        |
>     |                |------------------------------------------------------>|
>     |                |                              |                        |
>     |  End-User Authentication / Consent            |                        |
>     |                |                              |  (4) Authorization     |
>     |                |                              |      Response (code)   |
>     |                |<------------------------------------------------------|
>     |                |                              |                        |
>     |                |                              |  (5) Token Request     |
>     |                |                              |      (code)            |
>     |                |------------------------------------------------------>|
>     |                |                              |      Token Response    |
>     |                |                              |      (Access Token)    |
>     |                |<------------------------------------------------------|
>     |                |                              |                        |
>     |                |  (6) Credential Request      |                        |
>     |                |      (Access Token, proof(s))|                        |
>     |                |----------------------------->|                        |
>     |                |                              |                        |
>     |                |      Credential Response     |                        |
>     |                |      with Credential(s) OR   |                        |
>     |                |      Transaction ID          |                        |
>     |                |<-----------------------------|                        |

Author: ```suggestion
+----------+   +-----------+            +----------------------+     +-------------------+
| End-User |   |   Wallet  |            | Authorization Server |     | Credential Issuer |
+----------+   +-----------+            +----------------------+     +-------------------+
    |                |                              |                        |
    | (1a) End-User  |                              |                        |
    |  selects       |  (1b) Credential Offer       |                        |
    |  Credential--->|  (credential type)           |                        |
    |                |<------------------------------------------------------|
    |                |                              |                        |
    |                |  (2) Obtains Issuer's        |                        |
    |                |      Credential Issuer       |                        |
    |                |      metadata                |                        |
    |                |------------------------------------------------------>|
    |                |                              |                        |
    |                |                              |  (3) Authorization     |
    |                |                              |      Request           |
    |                |                              |      (type(s) of       |
    |                |                              |      Credentials to    |
    |                |                              |      be issued)        |
    |                |----------------------------->|                        |
    |                |                              |                        |
    |  End-User Authentication / Consent            |                        |
    |                |                              |  (4) Authorization     |
    |                |                              |      Response (code)   |
    |                |<-----------------------------|                        |
    |                |                              |                        |
    |                |                              |  (5) Token Request     |
    |                |                              |      (code)            |
    |                |----------------------------->|      Token Response    |
    |                |                              |      (Access Token)    |
    |                |<-----------------------------|                        |
    |                |                              |                        |
    |                |  (6) Credential Request      |                        |
    |                |      (Access Token, proof(s))|                        |
    |                |------------------------------------------------------>|
    |                |                              |                        |
    |                |      Credential Response     |                        |
    |                |      with Credential(s) OR   |                        |
    |                |      Transaction ID          |                        |
    |                |<-----------------------------------------------------|
```
